Add experimental features page (#41)
runwayml/docs: docs/getting-started/experimental-features.md

# Experimental Features 🧪

> Runway is currently in beta. This means that we are actively developing the application and things are in constant change. But one of the cool things about being in beta is that you get to try new features often! 👩‍🔬

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Runway is currently in beta. This means that we are actively developing the application and things are constantly changing. But one of the cool things about being in beta is that you get to try new experimental features often! 
```

This page contains descriptions of our current experimental features and details on how to use them.

## Active Experimental Features

> - ### Chaining (release on beta version 0.6.11)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- ### Chaining (available as of beta version 0.6.11)
```

> Since the release of the beta version 0.6.11, you can link multiple machine learning models together, allowing you to explore an even more extensive and comprehensive set of creative workflows.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since the release of Runway beta version 0.6.11, you can link multiple machine learning models together, allowing you to explore an even more extensive and comprehensive set of creative workflows.
```

> Model chaining is a functionality inside Runway that allows you to use the output of one model as the input of another one, effectively chaining them together. This becomes very helpful when you want to create a continuous pipeline of processing for a given input. 

Reviewer: I'd put this paragraph before the one above it. This is the most important thing to know about chaining so let's let the user know this first!

Author: You mean `Model chaining is a...` before `Since the release...`?

Reviewer: Yep, exactly! The wording might not work exactly as is with the swap, but the idea is that explaining what chaining is is more important than declaring what version of Runway it was introduced in.

Author: Got it, thanks for the feedback!

##### Things to keep in mind 🧠

> - Not all models can be connected to one another. For example, if one model expects text as an input you'll only be able to send the output of a model that outputs text. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Not all models can be connected to one another. Only models with matching input/output types can be chained together. For example, models that expects text as input can only be the downstream chains of models that produce text-based output.
```
